The further you are into something, the more it hurts when you lose.
Life is like Fortnite, when you're progressing, the circle will become smaller.
It's only when the map changes, that people start to care about the old ones.
Maturity is when you realise, playing Fortnite ain't feeding everyone.
I treated her like a rare item, she treated me like the gray pist0l.
It's only when you're winning, that people spectate.
Grinding  in Fortnite. I'm done with the reality 
I'm not lonely coz I play Fortnite. I play Fortnite because I'm lonely.
Starting bad doesn't mean you can't conquer.
Some start with common loot, and some start with gold, but in the end, it's all about how you use them.
We fail, We Break, We Fall but then We Rise, We Heal, We Overcome.
Things and people both change with time. Remember, Scar was once a rare item.
It's only when the map changes, that people start to care about the old ones.
In Fortnite, if you're too much focused on building, you'll be sh0t from every direction.
Keep in mind, at the beginning, even the bots were better than you.
The more you camp, the worst you get.
Don't spend too much time looting. You might not even get the chance to use them.
You can change the skin, but it's the same player inside 
"I've got a golden scar, who wants it?"
If she says that you mean the world to her, just remember that every Fortnite maps end at some point.
Life is like the circle, it keeps getting smaller and harder to survive.
The strom is a challenge, not the means to an end.
Fortnite is not about winning, it's about annoying others.
Opened chests never glow. 
Be like a Fortnite rare item. Not everyone can play with you.
Life is like fortnite, when youre progressing , the circle will become smaller 
If your enemies can make edits, then bruh! It was never your build to begin with!
Don't treat her like a rare item if she treats you like a gray pistol . Stay woke kings! 
Gliders help you at your highest, and leave you at your lowest.
Maturity is realising that 1 medkit is better than 10 bandages.